README.md, before:

# Personal Website

Welcome to my [personal website](https://mldangelo.com)! This is an [MIT licensed](https://github.com/mldangelo/personal-site/blob/main/LICENSE) Next.js-based Jamstack application. It offers a simple interface, easy modifications, static export capabilities, and free automatic deployments via [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/).

## 🚀 Features

- Built with modern TypeScript, using [Next.js 16](https://nextjs.org/), [React 19](https://react.dev/), and SCSS.
- Type-safe development with TypeScript strict mode.
- Optimized performance with static export and automatic font optimization.
- Automated workflows via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).
- And more!

## 🛠 Adapting this Project

Want to create your own personal website based on this project? You can set it up in as little as 30 minutes! Follow the setup instructions below and check out the **[detailed guide and checklist](./docs/adapting-guide.md)** on adapting this project to your needs. If you encounter any challenges, don't hesitate to contact me through an issue or email at [help@mldangelo.com](mailto:help@mldangelo.com).

## 🤝 Contributing

Your contributions are warmly welcomed! If you wish to contribute, please review the [design goals](./docs/design-goals.md), [roadmap](./docs/roadmap.md), and [contributing guidelines](./docs/contributing.md). For any bugs or suggestions, you can reach out via email, submit a pull request (I'd be happy to get you a coffee as a thank-you!), or open an issue.

## 🔧 Dependencies

Ensure you have [node](https://nodejs.org/) >= v20. Optionally, use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) to manage node versions.

## 🚀 Setup and Running

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone git://github.com/mldangelo/personal-site.git
   cd personal-site
   ```

2. (Optional) Ensure you're on Node v20 or higher:

   ```bash
   nvm install
   node --version
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   By default, the application will be available at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/).

## 🏗 Building for Production

1. Build the static export:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

   The build process automatically creates a static export in the `out/` directory.

2. Preview the production build locally:

   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

## 🚢 Deploying

### Deploying to GitHub Pages

1. Update the environment variables and Git remote URL in [`.github/workflows/github-pages.yml`](.github/workflows/github-pages.yml).

2. Enable GitHub Actions and Pages for your repository.

3. Push to the `main` branch to trigger automatic deployment.

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy to GitHub Pages"
   git push origin main
   ```

### Static Export

You can export the site as static HTML to host anywhere:

```bash
npm run build
```

The static files will be automatically generated in the `out/` directory.

## 🔬 Testing

```bash
npm run lint          # Run Biome linter
npm run type-check    # Run TypeScript type checking
npm run format        # Format code with Biome and Prettier
npm run format:check  # Check code formatting
npm test              # Run Jest tests
```

## 🎨 Customization

- **Personal Information**: Update files in `src/data/` with your information.
- **Images**: Replace images in `public/images/` with your own.
- **Theme**: Modify SCSS variables in `src/static/css/libs/_vars.scss`.

## 📝 License

[MIT](https://github.com/mldangelo/personal-site/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Customize site with Youhanna Meleka's information
- Updated About page with professional background and passion for technology-driven social impact
- Highlighted Tesla experience: $300M+ spend management, 100% uptime, $43M savings
- Added key focus areas: agentic supply chains, food security, education access
- Updated homepage with compelling introduction and career highlights
- Modified metadata and SEO for proper branding (title, description, keywords, Open Graph)
- Changed CNAME to ymeleka.com for custom domain
- Updated README with personalized site description
- Added core values: Innovation with Purpose, Systems Thinking, Social Impact, Operational Excellence
- Included diverse interests: Robotics, VR/AR, AI, Modern Art, Martial Arts & Stoicism

README.md, after:

# Youhanna Meleka - Personal Website

Welcome to my [personal website](https://ymeleka.com)! This is a Next.js-based Jamstack application showcasing my work in supply chain innovation, systems engineering, and technology for social impact. Built with Next.js 16, React 19, and TypeScript.

## 🚀 Features

- Built with modern TypeScript, using [Next.js 16](https://nextjs.org/), [React 19](https://react.dev/), and SCSS.
- Type-safe development with TypeScript strict mode.
- Optimized performance with static export and automatic font optimization.
- Automated workflows via [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions).
- And more!

## 🛠 Adapting this Project

Want to create your own personal website based on this project? You can set it up in as little as 30 minutes! Follow the setup instructions below and check out the **[detailed guide and checklist](./docs/adapting-guide.md)** on adapting this project to your needs. If you encounter any challenges, don't hesitate to contact me through an issue or email at [help@mldangelo.com](mailto:help@mldangelo.com).

## 🤝 Contributing

Your contributions are warmly welcomed! If you wish to contribute, please review the [design goals](./docs/design-goals.md), [roadmap](./docs/roadmap.md), and [contributing guidelines](./docs/contributing.md). For any bugs or suggestions, you can reach out via email, submit a pull request (I'd be happy to get you a coffee as a thank-you!), or open an issue.

## 🔧 Dependencies

Ensure you have [node](https://nodejs.org/) >= v20. Optionally, use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating) to manage node versions.

## 🚀 Setup and Running

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone git://github.com/mldangelo/personal-site.git
   cd personal-site
   ```

2. (Optional) Ensure you're on Node v20 or higher:

   ```bash
   nvm install
   node --version
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

   By default, the application will be available at [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/).

## 🏗 Building for Production

1. Build the static export:

   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

   The build process automatically creates a static export in the `out/` directory.

2. Preview the production build locally:

   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

## 🚢 Deploying

### Deploying to GitHub Pages

1. Update the environment variables and Git remote URL in [`.github/workflows/github-pages.yml`](.github/workflows/github-pages.yml).

2. Enable GitHub Actions and Pages for your repository.

3. Push to the `main` branch to trigger automatic deployment.

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy to GitHub Pages"
   git push origin main
   ```

### Static Export

You can export the site as static HTML to host anywhere:

```bash
npm run build
```

The static files will be automatically generated in the `out/` directory.

## 🔬 Testing

```bash
npm run lint          # Run Biome linter
npm run type-check    # Run TypeScript type checking
npm run format        # Format code with Biome and Prettier
npm run format:check  # Check code formatting
npm test              # Run Jest tests
```

## 🎨 Customization

- **Personal Information**: Update files in `src/data/` with your information.
- **Images**: Replace images in `public/images/` with your own.
- **Theme**: Modify SCSS variables in `src/static/css/libs/_vars.scss`.

## 📝 License

[MIT](https://github.com/mldangelo/personal-site/blob/main/LICENSE)
